Enable Google/OpenAI access for china mainland users (#1541)
Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT: README.md

    <img src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Torantulino/auto-gpt&type=Date" alt="Star History Chart">
  </a>
</p>

## Run tests

To run all tests, run the following command:

```bash
pytest 

```

To run just without integration tests:

```
pytest --without-integration
```

To run just without slow integration tests:

```
pytest --without-slow-integration
```

To run tests and see coverage, run the following command:

```bash
pytest --cov=autogpt --without-integration --without-slow-integration
```

## Run linter

This project uses [flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) for linting. We currently use the following rules: `E303,W293,W291,W292,E305,E231,E302`. See the [flake8 rules](https://www.flake8rules.com/) for more information.

To run the linter, run the following command:

```bash
flake8 autogpt/ tests/

# Or, if you want to run flake8 with the same configuration as the CI:
flake8 autogpt/ tests/ --select E303,W293,W291,W292,E305,E231,E302
```

> ## Note for China Mainland users

Reviewer: Move this into docs/installation and get rid of the rest of the changes to the file

Author: should be resolved by a1684f5 .

# Or, if you want to run flake8 with the same configuration as the CI:
flake8 autogpt/ tests/ --select E303,W293,W291,W292,E305,E231,E302
```

## Note for China Mainland users

> You need to provide both a proxy for the commandline script and the Chrome instance to make the Auto-GPT work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Auto-GPT requires both a proxy for the command line script and the Chrome instance to work.
```
